`project-cod-temperature/output/14.00-heatwave-genetics-trimmed-bwa-alignments`

Directory containing output files from the BWA alignment of trimmed reads from the heatwave genetics project. This directory corresponds to the R Markdown file [`14.00-heatwave-genetics-trimmed-bwa-alignments.Rmd`](../code/14.00-heatwave-genetics-trimmed-bwa-alignments.Rmd).

---

- `*bwa.stderr`: BWA standard error output.
- `*RG-picard_dups.log`: Picard tool log for duplicate marking.
- `*RG-picard_dups.md5`: MD5 checksum for the Picard
- `*RG-picard_dups.stderr`: Picard tool standard error output.
- `*RG.sorted.bam`: Sorted BAM file after BWA alignment with Read Group assignments.
- `*RG.sorted.bam.md5`: MD5 checksum for the RG sorted BAM file.
- `*RG.sorted.dedup.bam`: Sorted BAM file after duplicate marking with Picard.
- `*RG.sorted.dedup.bam.md5`: MD5 checksum for the RG sorted deduplicated BAM file.
- `*RG.sorted.dedup.clipped.bam`: Sorted, deduplicated, and clipped BAM file. Clipping was performed using bamUtil.
- `*RG.sorted.dedup.clipped.bam.bai`: Index file for the sorted, deduplicated, and clipped BAM file.
- `*RG.sorted.dedup.clipped.bam.md5`: MD5 checksum for the sorted, deduplicated, and clipped BAM file.
- `*RG.sorted.dedup.clipped-bamUtil.stats`: Statistics file generated by bamUtil for the sorted, deduplicated, and clipped BAM file.
- `*RG.sorted.dedup.clipped.depth.gz`: samtools depth file for the sorted, deduplicated, and clipped BAM file.
- `*sorted.bam`: Sorted BAM file after BWA alignment. Does _not_ contain Read Group assignments.
- `*sorted.bam.md5`: MD5 checksum for the sorted BAM file.